[OSDOCS#17131]: Release Notes CQA for 4.21 (#117138)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rn-ocp-release-notes-new-features.adoc

[id="rn-ocp-release-notes-new-features_{context}"]
= New features and enhancements

[role="_abstract"]

> Review the new features and enhancements in {product-title} {product-version} to take advantage of the latest platform improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can take advantage of the latest platform improvements by reviewing the new features and enhancements in {product-title} {product-version}.
```
